README.md, before:

![Vocaluxe Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/develop/Output/Graphics/Logo.png)  

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/y9ylgebv14i7usxx/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/VocaluxeBuildBot/vocaluxe/branch/develop)
[![Nightly build](https://img.shields.io/badge/nightly%20build-latest-blue.svg)](https://vocaluxe.org/#download)
[![Latest stable release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/vocaluxe/Vocaluxe.svg?label=stable%20release)](https://vocaluxe.org/#download)
[![Known bugs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/vocaluxe/vocaluxe/bug.svg?label=known%20bugs)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/labels/bug)
[![Feature requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/vocaluxe/vocaluxe/feature%20request.svg?label=feature%20requests&colorB=007ec6)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/labels/feature%20request)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/blob/develop/LICENSE.txt)  

[1. About](#1-about)                     
[2. Download](#2-download)                     
[3. Contributing](#3-contributing)        
[4. Help & Support](#4-help--support)

## 1. About
Vocaluxe is a free and open source singing game, inspired by the original UltraStar (developed by corvus5) and the great Ultrastar Deluxe project - yet it is an entirely new development in C#.   
It allows up to six players to sing along with music using microphones in order to score points, depending on the pitch of the voice and the rhythm of singing.
It features mouse, keyboard, gamepad and Wiimote navigation, a multi-language interface, and singer profiles with avatars and supports songs in CP1250/52 and UTF8 encodings.   
Vocaluxe offers diversified party modes and can optionally be controlled via a browser (desktop and mobile supported).

Supported Operating Systems / Requirements:
- Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 with .NET 4.0
- *Linux* (no official support)
- 1 GHz CPU, 512 MB RAM, Graphics card with OpenGL 2.1 or DirectX 9.0 support
- Visual C++ Redistributable Package 2010 (2015-2022 is required for the nightly builds)


## 2. Download                
You can download precompiled Windows binaries at here:
https://vocaluxe.org/#download

## 3. Contributing
You want to fix a bug or add a cool new feature to Vocaluxe? Awesome!

### Build Vocaluxe
Building Vocaluxe is easy:   
Just follow the guide on our wiki to clone the repository and create your own Vocaluxe build:   
[Build Vocaluxe (Windows)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/wiki/HowTo:-Build-Vocaluxe-(Windows))

### Submit your change
Upload your changes to your fork and open a new pull request.

The development of Vocaluxe uses this git branching model:   
http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/

### Questions
You have a problem or a question implementing your change?   
Just [open an issue](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/issues/new) or mention `@Vocaluxe` in a comment on GitHub.

## 4. Help & Support
Vocaluxe Homepage: https://vocaluxe.org/  
GitHub Wiki:			https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/wiki   
GitHub Issues Tracker:	https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/issues   
Translations:			https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/vocaluxe/   
Song-Database (USDB):	http://usdb.animux.de/

Commit message:

update readme (#720)
* update readme

add link to milestones and game design document

* Added Discord Help Desk URL and FAQ URL

* update link to game design document

README.md, after:

![Vocaluxe Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/develop/Output/Graphics/Logo.png)

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/y9ylgebv14i7usxx/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/VocaluxeBuildBot/vocaluxe/branch/develop)
[![Nightly build](https://img.shields.io/badge/nightly%20build-latest-blue.svg)](https://vocaluxe.org/#download)
[![Latest stable release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/vocaluxe/Vocaluxe.svg?label=stable%20release)](https://vocaluxe.org/#download)
[![Known bugs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/vocaluxe/vocaluxe/bug.svg?label=known%20bugs)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/labels/bug)
[![Feature requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/vocaluxe/vocaluxe/feature%20request.svg?label=feature%20requests&colorB=007ec6)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/labels/feature%20request)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/blob/develop/LICENSE.txt)

[1. About](#1-about)
[2. Download](#2-download)
[3. Contributing](#3-contributing)
[4. Help & Support](#4-help--support)

## 1. About
Vocaluxe is a free and open source singing game, inspired by the original UltraStar (developed by corvus5) and the great Ultrastar Deluxe project - yet it is an entirely new development in C#.
It allows up to six players to sing along with music using microphones in order to score points, depending on the pitch of the voice and the rhythm of singing.
It features mouse, keyboard, gamepad and Wiimote navigation, a multi-language interface, and singer profiles with avatars and supports songs in CP1250/52 and UTF8 encodings.
Vocaluxe offers diversified party modes and can optionally be controlled via a browser (desktop and mobile supported).

Supported Operating Systems / Requirements:
- Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 with .NET 4.0
- *Linux* (no official support)
- 1 GHz CPU, 512 MB RAM, Graphics card with OpenGL 2.1 or DirectX 9.0 support
- Visual C++ Redistributable Package 2010 (2015-2022 is required for the nightly builds)


## 2. Download
You can download precompiled Windows binaries at here:
https://vocaluxe.org/#download

## 3. Contributing
You want to fix a bug or add a cool new feature to Vocaluxe? Awesome!
Check out [milestones](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/milestones) or our [Game Design Document](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/blob/develop/Vocaluxe/Doc/GameDesignDocumentVocaluxe.md)!

### Build Vocaluxe
Building Vocaluxe is easy:
Just follow the guide on our wiki to clone the repository and create your own Vocaluxe build:
[Build Vocaluxe (Windows)](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/wiki/HowTo:-Build-Vocaluxe-(Windows))

### Submit your change
Upload your changes to your fork and open a new pull request.

The development of Vocaluxe uses this git branching model:
http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/

### Questions
You have a problem or a question implementing your change?
Just [open an issue](https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/issues/new) or mention `@Vocaluxe` in a comment on GitHub.

## 4. Help & Support
General FAQ: https://www.open-music-games.org/help/frequently-asked-questions
Discord Help Desk: https://discord.gg/tNEXZw2QJX
Homepage:   https://vocaluxe.org/
GitHub Wiki:    https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/wiki
GitHub Issues Tracker:  https://github.com/Vocaluxe/Vocaluxe/issues
Translations:   https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/vocaluxe/
Song-Database (USDB):   http://usdb.animux.de/
